# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.

* **DATE: 02/02/2023**
* **ASSISTANT: Mika Oja**

### Minutes

Revision and grading of the deliverable for Deadline 1.

### Action points

- Work towards Deadline 2

## Meeting 2.

* **DATE: 16/02/2023**
* **ASSISTANT: Iván Sánchez Milara**

### Minutes

Revision and grading of the deliverable for Deadline 2

### Action points

- Mention we are using SQLite in the wiki page to justify the ER diagram
- Mention the format for SSN field of Students
- Minor corrections to the Wiki page for consistency with the code
- Add ondelete in db.relationship objects

## Meeting 3.

* **DATE: 10/03/2023**
* **ASSISTANTS: Mika Oja**

### Minutes

Revision and grading of the deliverable for Deadline 3, discussion about using database IDs in the URL.

### Action points

 - In the "Uniform Interface" wiki section state that PUT 'replaces' a resource instead of updating it. This doesn't have any effect on our implementation since we don't have optional fields.
 - Debate whether to use `course_code` in the URl for courses, to avoid exposing database IDs. We can't do that at the moment for students since the only other unique field is the Social Security Number.

## Meeting 4.

* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes

*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points

*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

## Midterm meeting

* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes

*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points

*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

## Final meeting

* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes

*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points

*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




